DPG best-practice and automation template (#28016)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/template/Azure.Template/samples/README.md

# Azure.Template Samples

> These code samples show common scenario operations with the Azure Template client library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These code samples show common scenarios with the Azure Template client library.
```

> |**Sample Name**|**Description**|

Reviewer: Nit: we don't generally format table headers and just let the default markdown rendering styles apply.

|----------------|-------------|

> |[Sample1_HelloWorld][sample_helloworld] |Get secrets synchronously.|

Reviewer: Tip: if you name the links the same token value you can use an abbreviated form:

```markdown
[Sample1_HelloWorld]
[Sample1_HelloWorldAsync]

[Sample1_HelloWorld]: link1
[Sample1_HelloWorldAsync]: link2
```
